 He called the broker up. I said, Griffin, buy. He said, buy what? I said, you know what to buy. Buy Zuck. He says, how do you spell that? I said, Z-U-C-K. He said, that's not the ticker. I said, Griffin, call Zuck and tell him I want some shares. And so we bought some shares and I think we're double from where we bought. It's Friday. We're reacting to the news. Welcome, fellas. Let's go through the stories. First of all, Facebook stock is soaring. It's up 43% in the last month. SULI is getting rich off of it. Fellas, did you call it? Did you know that Facebook was gonna rebound? Right now, Facebook, like I haven't bought ads on it recently, Sean, but I was talking to some of my folks who were asking me to buy a stock. I was like, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Some of my folks who worked with you on the milk road, I was talking to some of the people who worked at HubSpot, the people who worked on the hustle at HubSpot. Facebook ads are killing it. They seem like they're working really nicely. When I was running it, it was like, we are acquiring users for like three or $4 and then nowadays it's back down to like 150 when we first started. So it's kind of easy to see, I guess. What about you? Yeah, I bet on it. So I took, I don't know, $250,000, like I don't know, three or four months ago and I bought Meta because I was like, why is everybody down on Meta? And I was like, did they forget the number one rule? You don't bet against Zuck. And like, you know, to anybody who's like, oh, but the, you know, the Metaverse, blah, blah, blah. I'm like, I just send them the video clip of Mark Zuckerberg doing MMA. And I'm like, this is who you're trying to bet against? The guy that since age 18 has just been like dominating everything he's tried to do. The guy who's created the biggest social network ever then bought all of his competitors and killed, you know, every everybody else who tried to compete with him, including Google when they try to compete with him on social and now he trains MMA and before that he learned to hunt and speak Chinese fluently. You think this guy's just gonna lose money because Apple changed their cookie policy or whatever? And so we started with the idea that we would get some money to buy Zuck, buy Zuck, buy Zuck, buy Zuck. And he said, get out of here with that. No way. And so called the broker up. I said, Griffin, buy. He said, buy what? I said, you know what to buy, buy Zuck. He says, how do you spell that? I said, Z-U-C-K. He said, that's not a ticker. I said, Griffin, call Zuck and tell him I want some shares. I said, Griffin, I think you said the same guy. By the way. We both use Griffin. What did Griffin say? Let me actually check the number, so I don't misquote myself here. Did he say, are you sure Sean? Or does he go, Yes sir, go and do it? Well, he texted me the other day. He goes, great call on meta. And I go, thank you for the compliment because I've lost a lot of money this year. And that's why I sent this. Okay, not quite double, but close. We're giving it. That's good. We will be double. So we're up only 50%. So a little bit less than I thought. 50%, still not bad in a couple months. Dude, Sarah started working at, Sarah used to work at Facebook in 2012. And I was like doing some math about what she would have, yeah, 2012. She started, sorry, 14, she started working there. And I was doing the math on like where she would be if she just stayed there and we were talking about it. And I was like, well, pro you would have gotten fairly wealthy con, like her job there was like, how do I make like a sticker emoji that gets people in Brazil to share more selfies? So it's like, you know, you wanna like, you're gonna wanna like kill yourself and this is whack and lame, but like they pay for your lunch and you get our oil change. And like that stock back then was only $47 at its peak was $372. I mean, that's pretty sick, but yeah, man, like Facebook's killer, never bet against them. Dude, when we were going through our sale process, Facebook was one of the potential buyers. They offered the highest deal. What year, 18? No, no, this was 2019, 2020, something like that, 19. Okay, so back then it was $200. Yeah, so it's good that the stock is down from when we would have got acquired because it was, you know, stock was a significant part of the deal, but we were, the difference of talent quality between we interviewed with, we talked to YouTube, we talked to Twitch where we ended up going, to Facebook, to Discord, to a bunch of other players. And Facebook was so much more, so much better, so much more impressive, I was like, okay, you know, like if I was just going off of who, what talent would we be around, it's not even close. Like the numbers are not even, like the math of the difference of these offers is not even close, but I was optimizing for other things. A lot of people who I've talked with who work at Facebook, they're sharp as hell. Like I remember just walking around that campus, it felt like I was at the UN, you know what I mean? Like there's like, there's so many different like types of like colors and like ethnicities, it was like, they just like cherry pick the best of all over the world. And it was at that, what was it, Menlo Park, I forget where it was, but like walking around that campus, I feel inspired. One of the guys who would have been reporting to me there, he was like, yeah, as my like intro, like when you get there, you do like a demo project or you do like an intro project, I guess if you're early on as a engineer or product manager or something like that, to like just get onboarded, you do like a hackathon project. And he created basically Facebook Marketplace in that. And I ended up running that for like working on that. His prototype was like one of the original Genesis things. And another guy was like, I was like, what'd you do before this? He's like, oh, I was at Microsoft. I was like, oh, okay, one boring thing to another great. And he's like, so yeah, I invented the Microsoft 365. Like, I was like, we should go to the cloud and make this a subscription. And nobody agreed with me. And I just kept working on it for like two years. And he's like, I just literally had a separate machine under my desk where I was like, I'm gonna build it on this machine and like, I'm gonna do it here. And I was like, okay. So my takeaway was like, you guys are smart, man. If I come here, I'm gonna have to work. I'm gonna have to work hard, you know, because you can't just like be lazy around these people. They're great. All right, which one? Which one are we going to now? Let's go Jack Butcher. Jack Butcher's NFT project, which is called Chex V4. It's a bunch of art around the check mark, has recently become the top trading NFT project by volume surpassing Board Apes. You guys- Wow, I didn't realize it was that big. Wow. I think that's probably like on a this week type basis. Yeah, that's correct. Yeah, not all the time. In terms of like active trading volume, either this week or in a single day. But what do you guys have to say to our boy Jack? Our buddy Jack's getting rich. Love it. Dude, so I'm biased. Jack's like a close family friend. Him and his wife are very, I'm very close with those folks. They're awesome. And Jack is more of an artist. Close enough that he sent you some of these NFTs? Well, I got a T-shirt that says internet on it. He sent me a 30% coupon code. I got a T-shirt. Jack's punk rock, man. Jack's more of an artist than he is a businessman. And if you go to his website, Visualize Value, and you read the copy for the check mark, it is, as we like to say, beautifully done. It's just an NFT, but it's just so tasteful. It's classy. It's delightful. No, he's done a good job, man. I think it's cool. I still, I'm not an NFT guy. Cornrows, neck tattoos, NFTs, not for me. But cool that other people have them. And that's kind of how I feel about an NFT still. But if I were gonna do an NFT, it'd be his. Yeah, it looks like the last seven days has done 15 million in sales volume. No shit. And it's the fourth ranked one in the last seven days, maybe, so really impressive. It's just a check mark, right? I, don't say it like that. Is Nike just a swoosh? Look, I'm not saying it that way. What is it? I didn't actually, is it like a, you get a different color check? And you put that as your, no, I'm not disrespecting you at all. But I'm wondering, I'm asking. Because I'm not in this world. It went from $8, which was the price that Elon was trying to charge for a blue check on Twitter, right? So that's like the political statement he's making here. So it went from $8, which was his opening price, I think, to closer to $4,000 per NFT now. So incredible surge. And he is like, I don't know, he's not there yet. This is sort of like comparing, it's a little bit of a stretch of a comparison. But he's kind of like an internet Banksy a little bit. Like he does bullshit that's like, it's a commentary on what's going on in the world. And he just, the guy just hits. He just hits. Have I seen him do anything? No deep cuts, hits only. That's dope, HO, hits only. And he's a few people who has HO status. Dude, he makes hits. So he started out, so Jack's our good buddy. If you don't know Jack, follow him on Twitter. He started out, he had an ad agency. Or he worked at an ad agency and then he started to make his own ad agency and it was going okay. And then he created this course called Build Once, Sell Twice, which is hilarious. Awesome. Amazing name. And it's about how to productize a service. And he starts selling that course. And he basically was like, I remember I did a call with him and his wife one time when we first started getting to know one another. And they were in like a 400 or 500 square foot studio apartment that they lived in. And they weren't like killing it. And then like he had the year of his life in 2020 or 2021, and he kills it. Now, if you go to his website, virtualizevalue.com, the reason why I love him is you see like his background, you see his courses, but he also has this tab called visuals where you can like look at some of his artwork, but then he has a merch store. And his merch store is actually awesome. He has these sweatshirts that say college, kind of like, you know, that, but it says internet. And like, he just does things like that that are actually awesome. And it, like, when I go to his site, I'm like, oh, I'm like this dorky internet guy too, but he has merch. I'm inspired to be like a lot cooler like he is. It's awesome. He's bad-ass. I'm a big Jack fan. Me too, me too. We're big fans of him. All right, what's up? All right, next up, we got Moonwalkers. It's a new shoe that's like half a roller skate. I don't know if you guys had a chance to open up and look at it yet, but it allows you to walk and you just walk, but you go seven miles an hour, which is roughly three times as fast as a normal person walks. It's on Kickstarter. It's raised $300,000. The shoes cost more than $1,000. Are you guys at that? You gotta see the video. These are so stupid and so awesome. They're basically just Heelys for dorks who work at a startup. Heelys for people with no balance. Yeah, this is crazy. This video is hilarious. It's really dumb, but kind of awesome. If we did an award for person most likely to have started this that I know, Sam, I think you would have been the guy. Me? Dude, this is like the Snuggie of shoes. Tell me how you feel about Boosted Boards. Well, Boosted Boards are dope, right? It's the same thing. It's a $25 mile an hour skateboard. This is just one for each foot, dude. Oh my God, this is like driving a Kia, man. You're never gonna get laid again if you ever get caught in one of these. Hey, I like Kias. Bro, you have a BMW for a reason. I saw this on TikTok and it had millions of likes. I think it had like two or three million likes on this video and I was like, I could see why. It is gonna be controversial. It is like visually stunning. You can't tell if it's a joke or if it's serious. Like this literally looks like the TikTok and the ad for it literally looks like something from Silicon Valley, the HBO show. Like the guy, the founder, he's like, this guy, you know, Shun Ji, and he's like this Asian guy who's talking about like, you know, as humans, we've always been stuck at two miles an hour and finally we've broken the barrier. We go seven now. He's sitting in front of like these three screens, like these huge MacBook screens, iMac screens. Like dude, what are you programming? Like it's a shoe, it's roller skates. It's actually just roller skates. It's gonna revolutionize the way that people get hit by cars. That's what this is gonna do. It just, we're changing the world. You go, if you look at the Kickstarter backers, the Kickstarter backers are only personal injury lawyers who are like, oh yeah, no brainer. Business expense, write this one off. Dude, this is just segue 2.0. It's really stupid, but also kind of cool. I just, I mean, this is like guys who wear like their cell phones outside of their pocket or who wear a jawbone 24 seven. This is that niche. Not for me. I'll give it the Andrew Tate, I'm out. Yeah, I'm out. This data is wrong every freaking time. Have you heard of HubSpot? HubSpot is a CRM platform where everything is fully integrated. Whoa, I can see the client's whole history. Calls, support tickets, emails, and here's a task from three days ago. I totally missed. HubSpot, grow better. Let's do one more. What's the, you want to do the tooth fairy thing? Yeah, okay, I got a new story for you. My sister has three daughters, two of which are losing their baby teeth. And I was talking to my niece the other day and she tells me that she lost a tooth. I said, wow, fantastic. You're going to give it to the, you put it under your pillow for the tooth fairy? No, I threw it away. You threw it away? You threw it in the garbage can? Yeah, I threw it away. Why? Well, my last tooth was under there for two months and the tooth fairy never came. So I don't want to even try anymore. That's the first story I hear and I'm looking at my sister. She's like making eye contact. Like, I'll tell you later. I'm sorry, I know, I know, I effed up. Then the younger daughter loses her tooth yesterday, puts it under her pillow with a note. Here's what the note says. I'll send you a picture of it. But basically it says something to the effect of Dear tooth fairy, you didn't come last night, but that's okay. I'm leaving it here again. And it says something like, you don't have to leave any money. Just draw a picture of yourself. I want to see what you look like. Then that's the note. And she didn't do anything again. So the news, the question, fellas, does my sister need to just check herself into jail for bad mom of the year? What the hell? What's your deal? Just give like a few dollars or like, you know, like some Doritos or something. Just put a little something on the side. Two months straight she forgot. How do you forget that? Unbelievable. She texted me, she said that herself. She goes, should I just send myself to jail because I'm such a bad mom? That's crazy to me. That's my new story of the week. That's what I pay attention to. What's a tooth go for nowadays? $9? I don't know dude. Back in my day, that was, you know, like five or five. If your parents get cheeky, they're like, here's a $2 bill. Yeah, it's less than the going rate, but it's rare. It's a $2 bill. I got a $5 once and that was like a huge deal. I don't know, what's a tooth go for? I feel like people do more than that. Ben, did you get tooth money when you were growing up? I got a quarter. I don't feel like I grew up poor, but now I feel like I grew up poor. Yeah, I would get like a quarter or a dollar. But then one time I got a tooth knocked out and I got five bucks for it. That's some guilt money right there. It was guilt money. Yeah, it was blood money. I fell and got it knocked out. So I got five bucks for that one, but I don't know what a tooth would go for now. Ben, do this other one you have, the Snowden one. I don't know if you've seen this one. Yeah, so Edward Snowden goes live on a conference and the conference is, I don't know, it just screams like a fake Zoom conference, right? Let's see what it's called. It's called- Private Investor Conference or something like that. Private Investor Conference. It's the most generic name of all time. Yes, and so this guy is interviewing Edward Snowden for his Private Investor Conference. He shows up and immediately pulls up an article that says man busted for $4.4 million Ponzi scheme. And he says, is this you? And the host, the interviewer says, yeah, that's me. He goes, all right, well, I think it's important to tell people this kind of stuff. Bye, and hangs up on him. He got paid to come do a keynote. He starts his keynote Q&A or whatever and just screen shares instead. The news article that this guy who's hosting this event is a former Ponzi schemer that was like, I got in trouble for that. And the chat is just like, wow, wow, boom, wow, oh my God, wow, it's the best. Like, I don't wanna go to many webinars, but I wish I was at this one. Shout out to Edward Snowden. You know, whistleblower's gonna blow. Dude, I'm watching this. Yeah, he went for it. Have you ever seen the subreddit? It's on the subreddit called Watch People Die. Yeah, I've seen that one. This is gonna be at the top. Sorry, I screwed that up. Watch People Die Inside. Yeah, inside. Yeah, inside's a big thing. Next, there's a subreddit called Absolute Units. Have you seen that one? I love that one. Just like a buff dog or like a pimple that's huge. It's called Absolute. It'd be like a cucumber that's like just too strong to be cut. Yeah, I love Absolute Units. But I subscribe to Absolute Units and I subscribe to Watch People Die Inside. This is one of them. This video is on there. Well, do you see the reaction? Watching the guy's reaction? So the guy goes, yes, that's me. And then Snowden's like, well, I think people should know who they're getting into business with or whatever, so I don't feel good about this. I'm not doing this. So he leaves and then the guy doesn't know what to do and he just shrinks and he just goes, okay, we're gonna take a break. Yeah, I'm gonna come back. He just doesn't know what to say. It's like, man, if there was ever a time to be like, hey, I know that looked bad, but I'm happy to explain what happened and clarify for everybody, I can do that right here, right now, no problem. Dude, and there's people like- He shrinks. There's people in the chat saying like, hey, Edward, are flying saucers real? And people on Reddit are like, yeah, no wonder why these people fall for this. The Private Investor Club. Oh my gosh, this is crazy. Yeah, this is a good video. I'm gonna have to watch this. Dude, I've been following some of these Ponzi scheme guys. For example, there was one. There's a Twitch guy with dreadlocks. He's a black dude, not a famous one who boxes, but another one who's more hated. And he's loud and cocky, I forget his name, but very punchable guy. But he was a crypto company, paid him to do an ad, and they're in the background talking about, and he forgets that he's recording, and he's like, dude, I can't believe people are gonna buy this crap, or something like that. You know what I'm talking about? What's that guy's name? He's a very hateable guy. I don't know who that guy is, but I've seen the clip, and yeah, the owner or the promoter of the thing was behind him, and they're talking. I don't know exactly what he said. I don't think he said that. He said something else, but it was something that- Something like, I don't wanna promote this crap anymore. Yeah, the hot might picked it up, and people were like, wow, dude, disgusting. The amount of the Twitch, and I think I said Twilio. I meant Twitch. The Twitch and YouTube audience that buys this crap, it is crazy, man. It is absolutely crazy to me. I can't believe people do that, but yeah, this was a good one. How did this guy afford Edward Snowden? Dude, you know how Ponzi schemers work. They know how to build, they gotta build this shell game, this appearance of legitimacy. That's crazy to me. It's the private investment club. It's the largest real estate club in Canada. That's like his shtick. That's crazy to me. Anyway, yeah, that's a good video. I'm gonna have to watch that. All right, that's it. We're out of here. Let's do some react. drivensh grandmother