 I told you I'm in content mode, baby. I'm writing and I got some gems. I'll give you the headline of something I'm writing right now. I haven't even released any of this stuff yet. But it's called Congratulations, you climbed Mount Stupid. All right, what's up fellas? It's Friday. How you guys doing? Doing great. Good. Good. We're reacting to the news. We got some good ones this week. Let's start with Jake Paul versus Tommy Fury. Jake Paul, of course, the famous influencer, has since become a professional boxer. For the first time, he lost a fight losing to Tommy Fury, a professional boxer and social media influencer. Not just the fight is notable, but what's also notable is that Sam, you basically called exactly what would happen in the fight. So do you want to take your victory lap right now, Sam? No, I didn't call exactly, but I have been getting good at predicting fights. I'm a huge combat sports fan. But I didn't exactly get it, but I loved it. You know what I know why I love it? I love freak shows. This was a freak show and I am always going to pay for that pay-per-view and watch freak shows. I thought it was awesome. Second, I think if you're listening to this, whether you're a man or a woman, you should go and train boxing just for like three months and actually spar. Not like rumble where you're just hitting the back, but I think you should spar. And I'm not talking spar like where you kick someone's ass or you get beat up because, Sean, you remember when we sparred, it doesn't hurt, right? If you do it with someone who like, it doesn't have to hurt, but you know what it does? It scares you. It's a very scary... It gets the heart rate up. It gets the heart rate up. If you do it right with someone who's been there, done that, you're not going to get hurt. I promise you're going to get hurt by running more than you will actually sparring if you do it with someone who knows what they're doing. But that like fight or flight response, we never get that. And so I love that he did that. I find it very courageous that he actually stood in front all these people and fought. So kudos to him. But uh, yeah, I don't think he's gonna like be a great boxer. I mean, props to him. First of all, came on the show. So gotta give him credit for that. Came on our show. Now he's doing other shows. These are all, you know, just highlights of his life, I'm sure. Which is a correlation. Yeah, exactly. I'm not saying one caused the other, but like... Probably. We did do our show before, you know, a lot of this stuff happened. We did do our show before he did every other show. And so I thought it was great, you know, I think the transition from like Disney kid, vine star, youtuber, kind of shithead, you know, brand to He's legitimately good. He is legitimately good. He is not, I would not call him a celebrity boxer. He's like an amateur boxer, actually. He's a very good amateur boxer. And he's an entertainer. And like, he, you know, he's done an amazing job staying relevant, but evolving the game with him. I think that a lot of people hate on this guy or laugh at him or whatever else. I think there's a lot of good lessons you can take about reinventing yourself and finding a way to merge maybe things you're interested in or passionate about with your skills in the world of business or entertainment. And he's done it phenomenally well. And thinking from first principles, like him and his brother Logan, they didn't just ask, what should I do next as a youtuber? They were like, what can I do next using this audience and this fame? And they came up with different answers than 99.9% of other youtubers out there. You got to give him credit for that. Yeah, and he's tough. I don't think he's going to be a great boxer, but he's super tough for doing that. So that's awesome. Next. Next, from one controversial social media star to another, Andrew Tate and his brother Tristan are being detained for a third 30-day sentence in Romania. Of course, they're charged with human trafficking. They claim that there is no evidence and they still haven't had a trial. What do you guys take? Andrew Tate, human trafficker or wrongly imprisoned? Oof. I don't know much about it. Do you? No, I mean, who knows what he did? But first of all, Romania, guilty until proven innocent. What's going on here? Why is he in these like, he says, because he's tweeting out, he says he's like in solitary confinement, basically. While he hasn't had a trial. That's a little strange. He also said, dude, he said I've been in this thing for 30 days now. They don't let me out. Just imagine locking yourself in your bedroom for 24 hours. Just go ahead and do that. Now, think about where I'm going through. I wanted to cry, but then he said like, but I realize I'm too tough for that. Why does he have Twitter access? Does anybody, can somebody explain this to me? Because he tweeted out two hours ago, my body is in jail, but my mind is not in jail. Do you understand? What I don't understand is how do you have Twitter right now? Yeah, I don't know either. What kind of lax prison is this? Yeah, and you said are you going to be putting free Tate in your Twitter bio? No, I'm not going to be putting that. I don't care. Dude, I will pay you $100 to put a free Cobra Tate in your Twitter bio. That would be so funny for 24 hours. Just do it. That'd be amazing. Oh no, not a chance. I'm not team Andrew Tate. I wouldn't say I'm not. I don't like how he talks to people. So I guess I would say I'm kind of against him. I have no idea about this story other than if he did do what he's accused of then yeah, that sounds pretty fair, but I have no idea what the truth is. Yeah, he's kind of cringe to be honest with you. But yeah, let's go on. Yeah, let's go on. All right. Let's move on to the lab leak theory. So multiple government sources are now saying that they think the lab leak theory for the origins of COVID-19 is true. This includes the Department of Energy and the FBI. So fellas, are you surprised? I am not surprised. I am not surprised. Ever since that one John Stewart clip. Have you seen this John Stewart clip, Sam, where he goes on the Colbert show? He was ringing the bell early on, right? Yeah, it was pretty early on. This was like when it was still unpopular and in fact you would get like censored or your videos taken down or like a giant flag saying this person's a conspiracy theorist for saying it. And he goes on the Colbert show and he does this little bit where he goes he says something about the lab leak and you know, it's leaked from a lab and it's crazy and then Colbert goes whoa, whoa, whoa, you know lab leak. I mean you're saying that we don't know that there's no evidence. He goes evidence? There's a coronavirus that originated in Wuhan where there is the Wuhan coronavirus lab because it's in the name and he just keeps going off. He's like he's like there's a chocolate leak in Hershey, Pennsylvania. Is this you know, is this random or maybe it's the chocolate factory, you know, like he brings this up and it was just like so obvious at that point. It's like what how unlikely would it be that in all places the novel he's like the novel coronavirus originates in Wuhan where there is the Wuhan novel coronavirus research lab. You know, you're telling me that that just happened to be the case like seems like the odds are that it came from that lab not that it just happened to be in that lab in that same area. I remember my friend Jack telling me about this like early on and my friend Jack is not quite a he's not a conspiracy theorist at all, but he is very open-minded and like he believes like he doesn't believe lots of things but he'll like when people say that they originally were thinking well, that's crazy and his response was like, okay well, let's see what the evidence is and and maybe we'll explore it and I remember him telling me that I'm like Jack you're pretty crazy for thinking that and my big lesson over these last three years as it regards to this story is not like did it or did it not come out of that but now it's looking like maybe it did or at least for sure it did somewhere between maybe and for sure not for sure it didn't and my takeaway is there's things that I used to dismiss as just crazy and only crazy people would believe this but I've seen over the last five or ten years as I've like become more of an adult and like paid attention to these things I've seen that like man, crazy things do happen and also a lot of huge life-changing things are just accidents. They just happen like and now I have a little bit more of an open mind when people say like well this person is conspiring with this other person to make this happen or whatever and I'm like, oh, maybe they're let's let's have an open mind and explore the facts if we can. Right. Yeah, there's a I remember back when this first started it was basically considered racist to say that the virus might have leaked from the lab in China and I never understood that I was like, why would that be racist? How is that racist? I lived in China I don't find this racist in any way. Like what are you talking about? And it reminds me of one time I tweeted out my favorite books I've tweeted out five of my favorite books or something like that and then the comment goes a bunch of people start commenting they go, there's not one woman on this list and I go these are my favorite books. What are you talking about? What are you talking about? I have to have 50% diversity in my favorite books and I just replied I go all my favorite NBA players are black and that just sent people off that totally triggered everybody because I was like, no, I am not apologizing because I named five of my favorite books and they just so happened to be written by men like that is not at all what I'm talking about and you're trying to like you know I call these people meter maids they just run around the internet looking for little tickets at the cars that they could ticket like where can I go be offended um you didn't you didn't you were not inclusive enough for me ticket and it's like what are you talking about that's not even what this was about. Did you invent meter maid? Yeah, yeah I did that last night I told you I'm in content mode baby I'm writing and I got some gems I'll give you the headline of something I'm writing right now I haven't even released this any of this stuff yet but it's called congratulations you climbed mount stupid and I'm just working backwards from that headline to be like what's the what is the content here but I've just got a bunch of gems that I'm putting in my my email list by the way go subscribe to my email list I'll put in the show notes it's SeanPurry.com and go put your thing in there I'm writing 365 original pieces in the next in the next year so one a day will go out and one of them is going to be called congratulations you climbed mount stupid. What are you doing like a daily email? Yeah but it's a sequence. That would never work. It'll work. I know I'm joking because we both had a bad joke. All right Ben what do you got? All right let's go rapid fire through a few of these. I don't know if you saw this the Felix Dennis house so Felix Dennis very famous entrepreneur. Your boy. I love him. Yeah publisher of Oz and author of how to be rich so he built this house for five million pounds it just sold for four million pounds it's really cool but one of the weirdest houses you'll ever see it's mostly a pool in the middle and it's a treasure island themed with like palm trees and like a bunch of pirate stuff and the whole house only has two bedrooms so the question is fellas does this make you guys into themed houses are you guys going to be building themed houses now? Well the takeaway here for me is f legacy because this guy built something that he wanted and oftentimes people will say things like well what about the resale value of this thing or how how is this going to impact your legacy and my reply to that lately has been like well I don't know like I'm going to be dead I don't care and so what I appreciate about this is that he spent his money the way he wanted to and he made something cool even if it didn't do make any financial sense so I think it's cool and if you haven't read his book how to get rich we talked about a bunch here it changed my life whenever we talk about that book it like goes up to like number 10 top 10 in the business category so go read it it's awesome. There's a picture in this article of him with a extremely voluptuous person that says Felix Dennis spent 100 million dollars on sex drugs and rock and roll in his lifetime. Yeah that's what he talks about so he basically says from your bucket list right Sam? Yeah. Wasn't that your new company's mission statement? Core values? Dude yeah close he basically from age like 35 to like 40 he was addicted to crack that was his drug was I swear to god crack cocaine he loved it and he died single he had a partner but they had an open relationship so the guy's been doing a lot of psychedelics and open relationships before it was cool no he was a very weird and quirky guy and he like basically says he spent north of 100 million dollars in his book he goes I spent 100 million on hookers and crack so you know whatever dude everyone's happy. Wilt Chamberlain said he slept with 10,000 women in his lifetime and if you do the math dude the math on that is like horrible it's like it's crazy it's like dude you got to sleep with two women a day for you know many years yeah I think it's even more than that because he wasn't that old at the time by the way you said something about themed houses I'm in on themed houses I think themed houses are great and more than the more than the theme actually is epic common area he said two bedrooms that I think bedrooms are a giant waste I think you only need a couple bedrooms and you should have epic common areas if you're gonna have a mansion I don't like the eight bedroom mansion you know like I got opinions on mansions and that's one of them you gotta have epic common spaces and only a couple bedrooms three four bedrooms max I don't want to see a fifth bedroom and you know what his um charity was that he left all of his money to was creating forests so he's like the Johnny Appleseed of England the guy he like has like thousands of acres of forests that he owns and I think this house it's known for having all types of trees so in Colombia he's like the crack cocaine foundation I'm donating my wealth all right thanks all right uh I love this one the Minnesota Department of Transportation ran a snow plow naming contest so they got a new snow plow they needed a name and they out they crowd sourced it to the public here's some of the top vote getters you're a blizzard harry blizzo clear opathra better call salt and han snow low so guys do you have a favorite from this list the last one I think I like clear clear opatha I think that was pretty good I did not see that one coming remember when they did a boaty mcboat face when like uh I think it was like uh I think it was like either a ferry or a tugboat or something like that like a town let people vote on it and reddit got a hold of it and they made the number one voted thing boaty mcboat face uh and so I love these viral stunts I think they're awesome well Sam I don't want to steal your thunder but you did want to announce your tattoo naming contest Sam is willing to get a tattoo on his back that any anybody that is going to be a contest from the fans of my first million isn't that right Sam that is totally wrong I was that is I think I did what I did say there's this you remember how we talked about mini katana yeah they're sending me a gold sword I guess katana I don't know the difference that has mfm on it so I'm collecting all types of mfm stuff I don't know if you have to call a katana a sword by the way is it what the meter maids the meter maids are running around they're excited about that one uh well I have a gold katana on my way that has my first million on it so I'll I'll accept all mfm stuff but I'm not gonna tattoo with these okay how about how about a million youtube subscribers will you get a crowd source tattoo I will get a tattoo at a million for sure uh when I I went and did this podcast uh in la with like this uh guy Cody Ko so he's really good he's kind of like a comedy youtuber guy and um his studio looked awesome he was telling us about they have this uh they have like a network and they have some other show called trillionaire energy or something like that um and so he they put it up on the screen there's like a screen you can see while we're sitting there and it was the two hosts in slow motion with music just getting closer together and then these two guys just made out and I go whoa what's the show about and he goes no they had said if they get to whatever uh 100 000 subs that they would kiss did they really do that and I go oh yeah that's a good idea that's how like you comedy youtuber hollywood people think yeah that's a good idea we're not gonna do that but but that's a great idea did they really do it like it's a hilarious video it's in slow-mo as they get closer and closer and they just make out and they tongued it's intense I'd rather be I'd rather be unsuccessful yeah exactly you know when people say like how bad do you want it I don't want it that bad this is going on success you gotta find the price of success and then pay it too expensive for me yeah it's out of my budget yeah I'm out we have we have food at home you want to do one more yeah that's the last one all right last one so uh blue sky is a new twitter clone uh backed by jack dorsey and unlike twitter it is decentralized and so the question is fellas are you supporting our comrades over at blue sky or are you supporting the capitalist pigs over at twitter what's your move dude jack dorsey owns a bank how are you gonna call him a comrade right I mean he's moving away from capital he's seen the error of his ways dude when I hear okay so here's some of the words they use open source social protocol uh and decentralized when I hear those words I just I just don't care I just don't care at all like they want me to care about it and that's wonderful and maybe sometimes I'll act like I do uh but I don't I don't care at all uh it's like if you tell me uh probiotic antioxidant right yeah I don't care if you want to shove it in there and I'll drink it if it tastes good right but I don't but I don't need to know that's exactly right I'll drink it if it tastes it that's my take on this as well I'll use this this app if it's awesome if the content is great the people on it are interesting and if it's something different than twitter if it's twitter but the database is different I'm out I don't care about that that's not that's not what draws people in I don't that doesn't mean it's not a good idea it's great do it do it differently under the hood but has to result in something different that the person actually gets to use yeah the same thing happened with web3 where they like they give me this horrible pitch and then they end it with web3 and I'm like well I don't care if it's web3 just does this thing work is it awesome and I feel the same way about this so I don't care and also Matt have you tried mastodon yeah dude it's stupid too it's stupid no like it's it's dumb so anyway I'm not on board with this all right all right that's the pod