 Anytime a rich person tells you that money doesn't make you happy, just ask them for their money then. Like, cool, cool, cool. I guess it's useless, right? Can I just give me a bunch of it then? Fellas, welcome to the Friday episode of The Boys React. We're gonna go through some news stories. Let's start with the thing that everyone is talking about, that everyone is always talking about, which is Elon. Elon has gotten himself in trouble a couple times this week. First, he tried selling some house plants, or office plants, I should say, to his employees to raise money. Wait, really? And then also ridiculed and sort of kind of fired an employee who is disabled. Your thoughts on the endless drama of Elon? Cringe. What do you think? Yeah, Elon is the cringe master. He has to make everything about him. Like, it's just me, me, me. He's now known as Milan Musk in my house. This guy is too much. The crazy thing, Sam, did you watch this all go down with the guy that was like, hey, am I fired? I think we should explain this. Yeah, so do a recap. I didn't understand all that at first. I had to click through. So guy goes on Twitter, who's got, I never heard of this guy, but he's got like 150,000 followers, and he says, hey, nine days ago, I lost access to my work computer. I can't access Twitter anymore. I work at Twitter. I can't access my work. My work computer doesn't log in anymore. It doesn't work. Can't get into my email. Can't do anything. I'm not sure if I'm fired. Nobody told me I'm fired, but I just can't get into my email or my computer. I've emailed them. I've waited nine days. I've got no reply from HR, from anybody. So I guess, hey, at Elon Musk, am I fired? And so he tweets that out. Was he getting paid still? I don't know. I don't think so. But it was, whatever, it was only nine days. So maybe he hadn't got in between yet. So he tweets that out and he goes, maybe if this gets enough retweets, then I'll get a response. So it gets retweeted a bunch of like, because there's a whole group of people that love to hate Elon, myself included. And so people are like, this is another example of how poorly Twitter's being run right now. If you're going to fire somebody, tell them they're fired. That's common decency. I feel like Elon's got this flow chart where it's like, I'm firing this person. Should I tell them? It's like, yes. And it's like, no, no, I'm going to go with no. Okay. What happens after no? Should I just, should I meet with them in person? No, just cut off their computer access. Dude, he's like Irish good-buying their jobs. It's just walking out without saying exactly. And so anyways, this thing gets, this thing goes viral. So basically Elon then, you know, again, he sees all, he sees this thing going viral. So instead of, instead of, instead of actually just, yeah, you are fired or confirmed. Yes, you were, you were fired. He instead says, what have you been working on? Like, what have you accomplished? Is the, so then he goes, well, if I, you know, if I say what I'm working on, I think I'd be breaking my NDA. Do I have permission to break my NDA and tell you what, like, can I say publicly here what I work on? And Elon replies, yes, go ahead. And so, Dude, what a pathetic start to the story. That's already pathetic. He goes, all right, well, guy goes, well, I was, you know, leveling up the design of this. I was working on this and you know, I was helping save money on this contract or whatever. And, and he goes, Elon replies, level up the design from what to what, you know, pictures already didn't happen. And like, you know, dipshit, you cut off his computer access. How was he supposed to have screenshots of us work? If you took away his computer, he's not, you're not even able to do it. And, and then he's like mocking him, basically. He's just replying with like the crying laughing emoji. He's replying, trolling him with like a clip from office space. And now here's where Elon went wrong. So Elon's not dumb, but he's a dumb ass. And there's a big difference between dumb and a dumb ass. Dumb is you're just not smart. Dumb ass is you're smart, but you do dumb things. And that's what Elon does here. So he basically picks on a guy that it comes out. So this guy sold his company to Twitter and the guy, so Elon comes out and he, here's what he says about the guy. He goes, he goes, somebody was like, dude, this is the, uh, this guy, Alex Cohen has this great tweet. He goes, I'm not going to lie. This is the most entertaining exit interview ever. This watching this whole thing go down in public. And then the guy, Elon says, the reality is this is a guy that who was independently wealthy, did no actual work and claimed as an excuse that he has a disability preventing him from typing. Yet here he is tweeting out, tweeting up a storm. Wait. And so, and so the disability thing, Elon said that first. He claimed as his excuse that he has a disability preventing him from typing yet was simultaneously tweeting up a storm. I can't say I have a lot of respect for that. What a douche. Why could, how could he reveal that? Here's the other side of the story. This guy has like, this guy's in a wheelchair. He's had muscular dystrophy for 25 years. And so he goes, so this guy came back with just kind of some, some fire. So he goes, Thunderclap, I think you called it. He did a solo Thunderclap basically. So he goes back, he goes, glad to see you're taking such an interest in my health. I assume what you're talking about when you are sharing my private health information online is the fact that I've had muscular dystrophy for 25 years. And I guess I'll go ahead and tell the story now. So, you know, I lost, I lost the ability to use my legs 20 years ago. I've been in a wheelchair. Unfortunately, it's been spreading and I've, my, my arms have been getting weaker over time. In fact, that's why I sold my company. Remember you said I was independently wealthy. I guess what you mean by that is I built a successful company and sold it. Unlike, you know, somebody else who might've inherited inherited a Emerald Mine, which is, you know, how Elon's dad owned an Emerald Mine. Which is bullshit, which is, that's a bullshit thing. But whatever. In this case, it's good. And so he goes, I guess that's what you mean by independently wealthy. And, you know, so here's what, here's the story. This guy got muscular dystrophy. He's losing feeling or strength in his arms. It's becoming very painful to type. He decides, okay, I'm going to sell my company. And instead of taking a lump sum payment, he chose to get paid out through like a salary instead of an upfront money, which is like, dude, who would do that? Why? Because he wanted to pay more taxes in Iceland where he's from. Or I think it's Iceland. Maybe. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's Iceland. Wait, really? He wanted to pay more taxes. Why do you want to pay more taxes? Because he felt like as a disabled person, he had benefited a lot from like the social welfare system there and was like, I want to contribute as much as I can to that. Which honestly sounds like too good to be true. Like that's so different than me. I almost can't fathom that. I'm almost like, why don't you just take the money and donate it instead of paying in taxes? I don't understand that. But either way, this guy, so build a company, had a hundred employees working for him. It was profitable. It decides to sell it. His body's basically been giving out on them. He's like, financially, it wasn't the best decision. My company was making a lot of money. Twitter's offer was lower than other companies, but I made a bet on Twitter. It was growing at the time. And he goes, by the way, he goes, anyways, I digress. Are you still reading or is your bathroom break over? Okay. What was I saying? And he goes, yes. So you bought the company, told employees you weren't firing 75% of them. And then you did. I was not in the first batch or the second batch or the third batch of layoffs. I don't know which batch we're on now, but whatever. I think I'm fired now. I'm not sure. I just want to make sure I get paid out because in his contract, he had it where, okay, I'll take the money as a yearly salary rather than an upfront payment. But if you ever fire me, then you have to pay out the rest. So I'm guaranteed this money. I'll take it slower rather than faster. But you know, that that's fine. And so anyways, this guy, this guy not only, not only he says how he's typing, what's that? He also mentioned how he was typing. Yeah. I think he was just like, yeah, I can't do like sustained thing, but like I can type with one finger on my phone and blah, blah, blah. And so anyways, he explains this. He goes, like this guy was literally named person of the year in Iceland. This guy, like his, his side hustle is he's building wheelchair ramps throughout Iceland so that other disabled people can do like he's building hundreds of these wheelchair ramps. Like that's who you're, that's who you're picking on here. That's who you chose to fight with. I saw this great quote. He goes, Elon, man, this guy's a dumb ass. He fucked with the wheelchair, Mr. Rogers. He goes, what is this guy thinking? And so this guy, you know, I read this thread and I was literally like, I don't want, I'd like to report a murder, right? Like, you know, it was just like the ultimate clapback. And then Elon tries to backtrack and he basically goes, um, some random dude tweets in the thread. He goes, I know Hallie and this is, you know, you're saying that he's a liar and was just trying to do no work and get paid out. And that's not who this guy is. Random guy tweets. And then Elon tweets back, this is the most bullshit of all the bullshit. He goes, based on that comment, I decided to call Hallie rather than, rather than just tweet it to each other. And, um, he goes, I decided to call Hallie. Uh, uh, he goes, uh, what did he say? He goes, and, you know, have a, have a video chat with him. Turns out, you know, there was a misunderstanding. The information I was given was either incorrect or correct, but not important. That's that white flag, bro. You, you lost, you surrendered. You know, uh, you know, uh, we've discussed him, you know, staying with the company and, you know, this is the ultimate backtrack. It's like, first of all, you, you're, you want them to stay with the company because you have to pay them out if you fire them. So that's like, you know, the first thing, second thing you basically fucked up and stepped in it. And this guy could sue you for like, you know, a whole bunch of money for like, basically, you know, discriminating as a disabled person, as well as disclosing his private health information, as well as probably three or four other, you know, issues that there were, that were, you know, labor laws that were broken in this process. But it's like, dude, you decided to have a video chat, not when the guy said he's, you know, your employee said he hasn't heard from you. Not when he, you know, asked for an explanation. But when a random guy on Twitter said, no, how is a good guy? You decided there to stop in your tracks and do a video call with him? Bullshit. Like this whole, this whole thing is bullshit. And Elon continues to be, you know, the king of bullshit. Have you heard the, the song, damn, it feels good to be a gangster. Sure. There's a line, there's a line in it where I can't say the real line, but it basically says, real gangsters don't flex nuts because real gangsters know they got them. And right now, Elon's, he is pretty gangster. I mean, he's the man. He ain't acting like it. He's flexing nuts hard and he shouldn't be flexing as hard as he is. And I get the personality type where some people are like, dude, he's just saying whatever he wants. The same thing with Trump. Or he's like, you just saying what he says. It like it is. Says it like it is. And I actually dislike that. I like that like to an extent, but I'm like, there's, but just because you say it like it, like, well, he's just doing what he wants. Yeah. But he just, you just punch someone like hitting people isn't good. Do you know what I mean? It's like, yeah, I want to do what I want. Does that mean I'm going to like, go take a dump in the corner of the room? Like, you know, there's like, let's be polite to one another also, if possible. We don't, we're not going to be needlessly, needlessly rude to one another. And that's kind of how I feel he acts right now. And that's not cool. Two other parts of this new story. One, it's going around that this guy's payout was $100 million, which makes no sense. Anybody who's in business is like, well, that number makes no sense. There's no way he's getting paid $9 million a year of salary. There's no way that they bought his agency for $100 million. That's not how much you would acquire an agency for. It's probably more like 10. But it all and I went, I found it just started with some random guy who goes, oh, man, Elon backtracking now because he realized that Halley has $100 million payout. And like five tweets in somebody's like, where'd you read the 100 million? I never saw that. He goes, I'm just estimating like, you know, aqua aqua hours are million dollars ahead. They had 100 employees. So, you know, 100 million dollars. And now that's just like, in a bunch of places. It's like, that's how bad like information spread. Second thing is Elon owned himself when he goes, the end of his thing, he goes, better to talk, better to communicate through talking instead of communicating on Twitter. It's like, just literally shitting on his own platform, by the way. So self-owning, you know, all around. So I thought that was interesting. And then Ben said this other thing about the house, the office plant thing. What do you make of this? This makes no sense. What happened? I didn't. Dude, I muted Elon. I love what Elon's doing, man. But I like I even think the Twitter thing's interesting. But fuck, it's hard to be on his team. And so I had to mute him. He, so he's been selling like office furniture and memorabilia from the office, like just liquidating to like get more cash. I tried buying, they had a Twitter logo. I tried buying it, but it got up too high. And apparently, like there was like plants in the office that he tried selling to an engineer, like one of the employees or something like that. It's like, I mean, I don't know, either this guy's a marketing genius. He's trying to get PR, like trying to like, it's the thing where it's Amazon was like, we use doors as desks to save money, which is a bullshit. Either one of those just like stories that sounds like, man, he's really turning over every rock to save money from this, this bleeding company. By the way, I tried doing that. An Ikea desk is significantly cheaper than a door from Home Depot. I've tried doing this. A desk is way cheaper. The desk is like 50 bucks. You can't even like write on them. So, so I don't know what to make of the story, but just sounds like it makes no sense. Either he's lost his mind or there's a masterful PR thing that's like 9,000 IQ and I can't understand it. Or someone's just making things up. I don't understand. Maybe, maybe all, I think all of those things could be true. An exaggeration about a weird thing he said, cause he's lost his mind and makes for good PR. Gotcha. And he's a genius. It could be all those things. You know, he could be, he's, he's not dumb, but he's a dumb ass. That's a, that's a great line. I saw people call him Elmo, Elmo Muesque. And I thought that was pretty funny. But no, he's, he's fucking up. Do we want to do one more? Yeah. All right. Let's go with the, with money and happiness guys. So, there was a 2010 paper that said that basically above $70,000 more money does not make you more happy. It does not make you more happy. Turns out, mo money, less problems because a new study says that that is completely untrue. It starts to flatten a little bit as it goes up. But what do you guys think of this? So here I, I'm pulling this up. So here's what it says, Sean. It says that, so if you are in the happiest of the unhappiest 20% does plateau after reaching $100,000. But after that, if you're not in that group, more money does mean more happiness. And, and it basically it goes all the way up, they studied it all the way up to $500,000. And they said after that, we really didn't study it much. But up to $500,000, people do get happier. But that said, the researchers found that the overall emotional effect of more money on a person is small compared to other circumstances. It's even compared to a weekend, approximately a fourfold difference in income. So four times your income is equal to the effect of a weekend, which is kind of funny. Wow. But that said, more money makes you happy. And this is all like, there's this like 2010 study that said $70,000. From the beginning, I thought that was the most bullshit study. I've said this pot so many times. That's nonsense. That is absolutely not true. $70,000. My sister, when she was like younger, lived in New York for $70,000. You're basically below the poverty line. That is not happy. So 70,000, not a chance. I used to say I thought it was like $250,000. I actually believe it could be $500,000 or even more, but you get happier. This is one of those things like, you know, that might be true. When I heard this study, I was like, that might be true. I'm gonna go ahead and test for myself. Like, I don't know if the earth is flat around. I don't really have the ability to go out there and check it out. I don't know, you know, if sulfur gas is poisonous, but I figure, no need to test that. This is one of those scientific claims that I had just decided a long time ago. I'm gonna go ahead and check. I'm gonna go ahead and do my own research on this one and go ahead and try to go get a bunch of money and see how it feels. And you know what? I'm glad I did because the study was bullshit. Dude, I got an MRI yesterday and the lady at the front desk was like, all right, that's $750. And she was like, didn't say that. She just handed me that. She goes, there's a bill today. And she showed it to me. She thought that I was going to like freak out. And I was like, all right, you take Apple Pay. And I just scanned my card or whatever. And I remember thinking, where do I tip? I am. Yeah. I remember thinking, I am so happy. I'm in a spot. I used to not be able to afford that at all. And I'm so happy. I'm in a spot. I call that, you know what I call that? I call that braces money. I'm just gonna be able to swipe my card and get my kid braces and not think twice about it. When I was younger, my parents bought me braces. And they told me that it was too grand that they had to pay on a credit card. And at the time had like $6,000. And I remember thinking like, God damn, that sucks. Like, that's not, I would be a lot happier if I had $9 million in the bank, as opposed to $9,000, or whatever you guys had. Anytime a rich person tells you that money doesn't make you happy. Just ask them for their money, then. Like, cool, cool, cool. I guess it's useless, right? Can I just give me a bunch of it then? Right? Like, you know, yeah, dude. And let's, let's look at the actions versus the words in a lot of these cases. Right? There's John Bounds I always thought this study was bullshit also, because I wonder how much money the people making the study make. I was always like, yeah, that's what they think. Sure. They think that because I want to know how much bias goes into a study when the Trenton Larkin It's always the researcher salary. John Bounds Yeah. Trenton Larkin At the pinnacle of happiness. John Bounds Yeah. Or they're like, making it only 50. And they're like, hey, see boss, 70,000. But I've always wondered, like the biases are because, like, I don't know. Trenton Larkin I haven't even wondered. I'm like, this is obvious. This is obviously not true. And, you know, if I get to the finish line, and I realize, hey, you know, 5 million and 10 million felt the same. Well, shame on me for going the extra mile. John Bounds Do you know another thing? Have you ever tried to read a study? Trenton Larkin Yeah, dude. Studies are crazy. John Bounds It's hard. I have no idea. And then I'll, like, I follow all these like smart, like a Huberman or like these other guys who like break down studies. And I'm like, and they'll say like, well, this study is actually bullshit for this reason. And I'm like, I guess I'll believe you. But I don't like I can't read this. And they'll like say, like, studies that I'm like, well, it said the word study, and it must be true. And they're like, no, no, no, it's actually way off for this reason. And like, their sample size was like eight people. Trenton Larkin Was it replicated? Or, you know, a bunch of different things like that. John Bounds Dude, I don't know how to read any of that. Trenton Larkin Or there's a chart and it's like, the error bars are huge. It's like, yeah, it's that plus or minus, you know, it's 70,000 plus or minus 500,000. It's like, whoa, okay, hold on, what's going on here? Right. So, so yeah, I think science is, is used as a like, a shield for like, you can't argue sometimes, in many cases, and there's good science, and there's bad science, and there's weak science, and the strong science, and there's, you know, and then there's physics, where it's like, you know, empirically true. John Bounds But the only thing that I know is three things. There's good science, there's bad science, and I don't know the difference between the two. Trenton Larkin That's like the only shirt right there. Nice. John Bounds That's like the only truth that I know, which is like, it exists. I'm just a big brain. Big old brain. John Bounds Got that big brain on today. All right, what else we got? John Bounds Got that big brain. John Kieschnick Alright, here we go. Let's go TikTok. Biden administration in conjunction with Congress, they're evaluating a new law that would make it possible for companies to be banned that pose a national security risk. People think this means that they're going to ban TikTok. What do you guys think? Should they ban TikTok? John Bounds I don't know anything about that. Trenton Larkin Wow. Is this why they pay you the big bucks? John Bounds Dude, like people talk about, I don't know anything about China. I don't know what they're doing. Trenton Larkin That's true. John Bounds Do you? Trenton Larkin No, honestly, I do not. I mean, how would I really know? So I think that being able to ban something if it's a national security risk? Yeah, I think that's fine. That sounds appropriate. I also, by using TikTok a ton, I could totally see how I wouldn't want this in the hands of my enemy. It's like, oh, the ability to like, take in all of my data, my camera roll, turn my microphone, my camera on, as well as feed me, spoon feed me any amount of any like feed of information based on a mysterious algorithm that can surface good stuff, bad stuff, weird stuff, misinformation, whatever. Like, that's a pretty powerful weapon, right? So I definitely see the merit in that. Now, is TikTok actually a threat? I don't know. All right, what's the next one? Trenton Larkin All right, next one. Let's go with favorite cities. A new poll from a real estate advice website reveals where Americans would move if money was no object. New York, Austin's in there. That makes sense. Also on the list, though, Las Vegas and at number nine, Baltimore. John Bounds Dude, I'm from St. Louis. I'm from the city of St. Louis. A lot of people don't know this. But if you look at what the highest murder rate per 100,000 people and it's been St. Louis, like either it's usually number one, sometimes number two for that past 10 years, there's like 500 murders a year. St. Louis and Baltimore, very similar. That sucks. It sucks. I don't want to move there. Not at all. I don't understand that. That's weird to me. Trenton Larkin Well, so I worked in the media business, I realized that polls, rankings, lists, all bullshit, just things to get generate clicks, links, controversy. You know, if I was going to make a list, and I made a list that was like, you just nod and you say, Yeah, that makes sense. You're not going to share that you're not going to talk about that. I throw Baltimore as the this fourth most desired city to live in or whatever, like put New York ninth just to make them outraged. Guess what, I'm gonna get a lot more clicks, a lot more discussion, a lot more controversy, and a lot more backlinks for my SEO. And, you know, so once you know their incentives, you'll know why these lists are often outrageous. Either they're just paid to put like, you know, things on the top, or they're trying to do things that will generate a bunch of shares. Do you know what state Baltimore is in? Yeah, Baltimore is in Maryland. All right, nice. I didn't think you'd get that. If you Google, if you Google Baltimore, I had to say it slow to let my brain think. I was like, of course I know that Baltimore. Dude, if you Google Baltimore and look at the images, very un- very unimpressive. Not impressive at all. I'm sorry, Baltimore, that skyline, not interesting one bit. The tourist association needs to work on their SEO. Not so good. What else you got, Ben? Can we wrap this up at the slap fighting one? Yeah, do it, do the story, Sam. So Dana White is putting muscle behind UFC- sorry, Dana White and the UFC is putting muscle behind power slap league. So if you guys have not seen this, it's basically two guys, they're typically like huge fat guys standing at a table smacking each other. I think they get three times a smack when they get three times a smack each other. I don't know the rules, but it seems like someone gets knocked out every slap. Every fight, yeah. Right. What are the rules? Is it like the first one knocked out loses or? It's typically three to five rounds. They take turns hitting each other in the face with an open hand and the other person has to just stand there and take it. They get 60 seconds to recover and then they can earn up to 10 points based on the effectiveness of the slap and the defender's reaction. That's good. So, you know, I like things where you get rewarded for pretending like it didn't hurt because that's a skill that I honed as a little sibling for many, many years. Dude, this is the stupidest thing on earth. I don't know. So look, I'm not a woke guy. I consider myself right of center. Maybe I'm getting more woke as I get older. I'm hating on Elon. And also this slap thing is the stupidest thing on earth. And I'm not going to give it any of my eyeballs. I'd prefer to see two people in their underwear fighting to the death in front of a million people like UFC. But the slap thing, not a fan. Yeah, like to me, knockouts are like dip. It's like, you know, I like chips and dip, but if you take the chips away and it's just dip, now I feel a little dirty. That's how I feel about this. I'm cool watching a fight where somebody gets knocked out because there's skill and there's defense and then there's strategy. When it's literally you have to stand still and get hit as hard as you can by somebody else. Now I'm just, you know, now I'm just eating barbecue sauce. And I don't really... Which is kind of ridiculous that it's considered okay that we can use a chip as a spoon with cheese, but when you just use a spoon as a spoon for that cheese, we consider it two different things. That is a little weird, isn't it? Big questions in life. I might spend a whole lifetime trying to wonder why we are the way we are in this way. Now, let me tell you something else. That's a great example. Michael Vick like got booted out of the NFL and like went to jail for a dog fighting ring. Colin Kaepernick can't get a job because he, you know, took a knee during the national anthem to... Those two are not even remotely the same thing, by the way. I'm just saying people have got a lot more punished for a lot less than this. How is Dana White not, like, how is he not canceled for doing this? How is this legitimate thing that they're allowed to do kind of insane to me that like you could get away with doing this and not others? I guess it's because they're consenting adults and that's the line. I guess anything above that line works. I don't know. That sounds a little iffy to me, but... Yeah, I think this is so stupid. I'm not going to give it... I try not to give it my attention. I can't stand it. I think it's really dumb. And they're all like... I watched the trailer. I was heavily entertained by it. So, you know, just from the trailer. It's kind of like there's this subreddit called Watch People Die and it was like videos of people killing themselves and it was huge and people were obsessed with it and then they deleted it. And I remember thinking that's a good idea to delete that and yet it was really hard not to go to that subreddit. It's like it was impossible. Like when you see it, when I would see it come up, I'm like, oh my God, this is horrible. I cannot watch this. And I would have to... I had to stop myself from like clicking some of that stuff. Let's finish with a little show recommendation. Have you watched Physical 100 on Netflix? You keep telling me to watch it. No. Oh my God. Everybody needs to go watch the show. And I'm going to warn you, it's a weird show. If you had just described it to me, I would not have watched it. It's just that Korean Netflix thing in real life, right? It's Squid Games in real life. Yeah, kind of. So basically, here's why it's amazing. So the premise of the show is they got a hundred athletes of different types. So bodybuilders, MMA guys, boxers, women, men, small, large, gymnasts, ice climbers, luge people from the Olympics, whatever, everything, wrestlers. And they put them all together and they walk in and it's basically like, we're going to see who is the variety of athletic competitions. Like who is the overall, what is the best body? What is the perfect body? Is it this guy or is it this girl or is it this guy? And so, and like the very first competition they have is basically there's a ball in the middle of a mud pit. It's like, whoever has this ball at the end of three minutes wins. And it'll be guy versus girl. It'll be giant bodybuilder versus tiny. There's no weight class, no nothing. And they go there. But the best part is it doesn't have this American tackiness like slap fighting or ranch. Like Koreans don't eat that shit. They don't do that stuff. All these people, here's three reasons why it's amazing. Number one, they got legit the best athletes. So they literally got like the guy from the World's Strongest Man. They're Olympians, gold medalists, like their most famous MMA fighters. Like they got their most famous athletes to go do this reality show. It's like if LeBron was competing against Patrick Mahomes versus competing at Serena Williams. But like they actually, and they not only did they show up, they actually gave a shit. Like they were like, I really want to win this. And so they weren't just there for like a reality drama. That's the first thing. Second thing, they play with honor. So it'd be like, you, the winner of the first round gets to pick who their opponent's going to be the second round. It's like, oh, well, you know, an American would just be like, oh, I can beat this person. So I'm going to choose the weakest one and I'm going to do that. And then what they would do is they would go to whoever they felt was the strongest, that would be the most honorable to compete against. And they'd be like, it would be my honor to compete against you. And the whole thing's done with subtitles. So I'm sorry, dubbed. So it's like, it's all in Korean, but then you're listening on a dubbed thing, which is hilarious because there's even some guys that speak English. They dubbed them also in more English. It's hilarious. So, so they, that's how the show works. And they just eliminate people until they get to the very end, the final winner of the physical 100. And so you, this is like, you will love the show. Once you get in, you get two episodes deep, you're going to love the characters. Which, which body type is best? Well, I don't want to give it away. I mean, this is, this is the show, right? So like this, this is a giant spoiler. But you know, you got to have it all. You got to have attributes. You got to have the speed. You got to have the strength. You got to have the endurance. You got to have the, the dexterity. You got to have the, the, the agility. You got to have it all because they test you in all these different ways. How would I do? The show is amazing. You got to watch this thing. Physical 100. How would I do? Oh, here's the other thing that's great about it. They don't really edit it. So like in an American show, they'll be like the start of the competition. Then there's like montage. And then it's like the big fight. They'll spend five minutes on the big argument, the ending. Whereas with this, it's like these contestants have one hour to pull this like 10,000 ton ship as a team to from one side of this room to the other go. And then just show the whole thing in its entirety. It's even a little bit boring sometimes, but it's kind of like watching National Geographic, where you just get really into it. Like planet earth, where you're like, Ooh, is the lizard going to get the ant? I got to watch. Like, and it's going to just happen. I'm going to watch the whole thing play out, you know, with no, no jump cuts. And it's such a refreshing change from like TikTok and like these other things that are like, just such surface level stuff. I'm looking at the winner. Uh, we're not, we're not that different. Are we? Well, don't give it away. You'd be surprised why this person won. It's, it's pretty crazy. So so anyways, yeah, you got to watch the show. It's kind of amazing. All right. That's it. That's the pod.