 And his verification is for $100 million liquid plus. And so the guy has over $100 million. And he did it all through two or three of these apps, and I believe with close to no employees. And he did it over around like eight or 10 years. We have a friend who it seems like might get rich very quickly here. Richer. Richer. Let me explain. Richer. They created a product or a service or an app, and every day they're posting a chart of the growth of this thing. And it's like an early version of a hockey stick. It's like, yep, we went from doing $100 a day, $500 a day, $1,000 a day, today $3,000 a day, today's going to be $9,000 a day. Pretty quickly, fast forward two weeks, this person's going to put a chart in there that's going to show them doing $200,000 in revenue just today. And it's going to be nothing has changed. It's just they just let the growth carry on. And you see that and you're like, wow, that's winning. That's the HOV lane. That's the fast lane where you could just go in and you could win faster. Like, geez, I didn't realize that. I thought I got to bust my ass for 10 years. And the reality is this person has been busting their ass for 10 years, building up the skills so that they can launch a new product and they can do, let's call it $5 to $10 million this year in potential profits. Now, this person, if you remember many months ago, they told us this exact thing. They go, yeah, I'm just thinking about ideas that can make, I forgot what they said, $10 or $50 million. I want to make $10 million in a year, $50 million in a year. And I was like, okay, like, you know, yeah, sure. And I want Jessica Alba to add me on Snapchat right now. But it's not necessarily going to happen. Like, you could just say it. But he was like, no, I've been studying. There's apps that do that in the app store. And he's like showing us examples. Yeah. Yeah. Just showing your screenshots and examples. It's like that does that? Yeah. This does that? Yeah. And now you see 10 of them. And all of a sudden, first of all, I never knew somebody who even stated a goal like that. So just hearing it for the first time was like, that's interesting. I knew people that would say, I want to build a huge company, a billion dollar company. That was normal. I'd heard that before. I'd heard I want to get a high paying job. You know, I want to make 500K a year at this company. I've heard that before. I had never really heard somebody be like, I'm looking for a way that I can make 10 million dollars in three months. That was actually the exact thing. How do I make 10 million dollars in three months? And so I was like, all right, well, never heard that. That was new. Then I thought, well, my brain doesn't come up with any examples of how to do that. That's like, you know, doesn't involve, you know, putting a ski mask on and walking into a Wells Fargo. So like, you know, and then he gave me 10 examples and says, like, OK, well, now I got 10 examples. Number 11 doesn't seem so far fetched at that point. And I remember coming to talking to you and being like. Dude, have you heard anybody think like this, talk like this, come up with ideas like this? Because I believe that there's great power in questions, and I never really heard somebody ask the question, how do I make 10 million dollars in the next three months? And once that question was asked, now my brain has to start coming up with answers. And at first my brain was struggling. And then as he gave me examples, it started to get better and better and better to come up with examples of how you might do that. And now it's literally happening like that. Right in front of us. Scenario is actually playing out right in front of us. What do you think of this? I think it's awesome. I think I think it's still too early. I think anything that comes fast will go away fast or can go away fast. But he called his shot and we are seeing on a daily basis whether it's coming. It's coming. It is, in fact, now coming into reality. And I think it's awesome. I think that there's ways. I think Peter Thiel said it where he's like, what's your five year goal? And then someone says their goal and he says, cool, how can you do that in six months? So I usually believe in that. This guy took it even further, which is what's your five year goal? Do it in three months. And it's awesome. And there's another guy who I know that's done this and he's public. His name is Alan Wong. Do you have the app on your iPhone that lets you listen to police scanners? It's like the police scanner app? No, but I know of these apps. These are weird. Yeah, it's like five dash zero radio app, I think like five radio app. And this guy, Alan Wong, he posted in Reddit in 2013. And he basically said, he said, hey, I'm Alan Wong. I was told to create name here. I have it up here. Yeah. You want to read it or read it? He goes, yeah, he goes, ask me anything. I'm a person in his twenties who went from rags to riches during the recession. He goes, how I did it. I develop apps. My most popular apps is called the five oh radio police scanner. It lets you listen to police chatter around the world. You've probably seen this used in the latest Spiderman movie, although they rebranded it. And as of 2012, my apps have been downloaded by 20 million people. By the way, this is 10 years ago. He wrote this. So he did this in the 2008. So I have an update on it that I can give you in a second. So so he goes, my parents were raised in the slums of China. They fled here with my brother to New York. My mother worked in a sweatshop in Chinatown before she quit and became a homemaker. My father was an herbalist before he passed away. I naturally three months after I graduated from college after his passing, no one in my family had a job. So he says, I found a full time job at Columbia University. I was the only one with income. So I taught myself how to create apps in my free time. And I created apps on the weekends with hopes of making some side income. I didn't expect this to make me millions. And then he says, what does he say? It's money. I don't think he says money somewhere here, but yeah, go ahead. Fill in the gaps. So he doesn't say it there, but I found it. So there's this other sub Reddit that I talk about all the time called Fatfire. And they've got this particular type of flair called verified by the mods, where the mods, the moderators look at the income or your balance sheet. They look at something and they say, yeah, we believe it. What you are saying is true. And his verification is for one hundred million dollars liquid plus. And so the guy has over one hundred million dollars. And he did it all through two or three of these apps, and I believe with close to no employees, and he did it over around like eight or ten years. It's a heat, by the way, he says so he has three apps, he has five radio, then he has police scanner plus, and then he has one more called what is it called? Um. Hang on, he's got three apps that were in the top like the top hundred. So he goes, this means I'm the only person ever in app store history. This is what he wrote at the time. This was back in, I don't know, 2012, 2013, something like that. That my only person history to have in the app to have three apps in the app store that were top ten overall in the paid and free categories at the same time. Yeah, man, this guy's cool. And then he if you Google his username, it's Rago apps. So R E G O apps and then fat fire, you'll see his posts from fat fire. And he talks about what it's like to be different tiers of rich. And he has all types of of like, you know, when I was at this thing, this is how I felt when I was at this other thing. This is how I felt. And now, according to his flair, it's over one hundred million. It's this is so you're asking who else do I know that's done this? I don't know this guy and I can't verify that any of this is true, but it's pretty interesting and it might be true. Well, yeah, and I don't know the speed that this guy did it, but still amazing. By the way, we should get verified in fat fire. Why aren't we posting in fat fire? That seems like a that's our those are our people. We should hang out. I do post there. I post there under a name that no one knows me as, but I would post there more. Would you do you use this? Yeah, I'll go browse. I never post, never comment, but I'll I'll make an account and I'll let's do it. Let's get verified. Let's do an AMA there. Yeah. So look, this guy's thing says I found I found his username. He was I fat fired at age twenty five. I make ten million dollars a year in my thirties. Ten, yeah, ten million plus a year in my thirties. And I have over one hundred million dollars, according to which has been verified for the mods. And here this is what he says. Someone says, what's the difference in millionaires or in money levels? He goes at one hundred K to a million. You can tip very generously and be OK with that. At one to five million, you could fund some medical expenses and maybe a college college tuition or two, maybe for an extended family member or friend at five to twenty. You could pay off a handful of college tuition. I guess they're asking about donation. You can pay off a handful of college tuition and some expensive surgeries. And then he jumps to fifty to fifty million. You can create several nonprofits and overseas that that are overseas and help people at a community level, like building a school or a local community or something. So he talks about this constantly throughout this subreddit. And it's very, very interesting. Thank you.